

Our 9 Certification Standards 
To earn and maintain LegitScript Healthcare Certification, your 
business must meet the following standards: 
1.Licensure & Business Registration 
Merchants  must  be  adequately  licensed  for  the  services  they  offer  and  in  the  jurisdictions  they  serve.  This  includes 
the  jurisdiction  from  which  medications  are  prescribed  and/or  dispensed,  as  well  as  the  jurisdiction  in  which  the 
patient is located, except in circumstances permitted by law. 
2.Legal Compliance 
The  applicant  must  comply  with  all  provisions  of  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  including  all  applicable  laws, 
regulations and required licensing, registration or authorizations necessary to prescribe and/or dispense medications. 
Additionally, the website or business must not facilitate the prescribing or dispensing of medications that do not hold 
the necessary authorization or approval from the applicable regulatory body in that jurisdiction or medications that 
are otherwise considered unapproved by relevant regulatory bodies. 
3.Prior Discipline and History 
The applicant or their business, including principals, key staff, and any medical or pharmacy practitioner associated 
with the website or business must disclose any prior criminal, regulatory, or civil violations, along with any ongoing, 
resolved or otherwise addressed litigation, that involves the applicant at any time over the past ten years. 
Applicants  must  not  have  been  subject  to  recent  and/or  repeated  disciplinary  sanctions,  warning  letters,  or  similar 
regulatory  action.  Disciplinary  Action  is  defined  in  LegitScript’s  Healthcare  Merchant  Certification  Terms  and 
Conditions. Prior offenses or other bad acts, may be a disqualifying factor in LegitScript’s sole discretion. 
4.Affiliates and Partners 
A merchant’s affiliates and partners must comply with all program standards. Affiliates are any individual, business, or 
entity  who  previously,  currently,  or  is  expected  to  have  a  commercial  and/or  professional  relationship  with  the 
applicant organization or its principals. This means any person or entity that exercises control over or participates in 
the business must not be affiliated with or control any other entity that violates these standards. This includes but is 
not  limited  to  partner  pharmacies,  businesses  or  medical  practices,  supplying  wholesalers,  co-owned  companies, 
staff,  any  associated  medical  personnel,  and  may  include  entities  that  are  promoted  on  the  domain  seeking 
certification. All affiliates and partners must be operating legally. 
A  merchant's  partners,  defined  as  organizations  essential  to  supporting  the  applicant’s  continuum  of  care,  such  as 
partner pharmacies responsible for the fulfillment of prescription medication to patients, are generally required to be 
LegitScript-certified   or   accredited   by   another   recognized   body,   with   limited   exceptions   permitted   only   at 
LegitScript's sole discretion. 
The applicant must also provide all domain names and websites under its control, and disclose all affiliates. 
legitscript.com
Copyright © 2025, LegitScript 
CHM-CE236-CR-01
HEALTHCARE CERTIFICATION

5.Patient Services 
Applicants’  websites  must  clearly  disclose  all  states,  territories,  provinces,  and/or  countries  in  which  applicants’ 
services are available. 
6.Privacy 
The applicant must comply with all provisions of applicable laws and regulations pertaining to protected information 
or  protected  health  information,  including  privacy  provisions.  When  required  by  law,  the  applicant  must  post  its 
privacy  policy  on  its  website.  For  example,  US-based  applicants  who  collect,  store,  or  transmit  Protected  Health 
Information (PHI) must comply with all applicable HIPAA requirements. 
Additionally,  the  applicant  agrees  that  any  information  regarding  transactions,  customers,  patients,  medical 
information,  and,  as  required  by  Applicable  Law,  any  other  sensitive  or  confidential  information  is  processed  using 
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. 
7.Validity of Prescription 
The applicant shall only dispense or offer to dispense prescription drugs upon receipt of a valid prescription issued 
by  a  person  authorized  to  prescribe  under  applicable  laws.  A  valid  prescription  is  defined  by  applicable  statutes, 
regulations, or laws in the jurisdictions served by the applicant. 
Applicants must not prescribe, offer to prescribe, distribute, or offer to distribute drugs in a way that violates the laws 
of the jurisdiction(s) they serve, and must comply with all relevant telemedicine laws or regulations, as applicable. A 
prescription  or  prescription  drug  must  not  be  prescribed  or  dispensed  prior  to  the  provision  of  care  by  a  licensed 
medical professional. 
8.Transparency 
The applicant and its affiliates must ensure that all practices and offers are accurate, transparent, and not misleading 
to  patients  or  the  public,  including  but  not  limited  to  any  material  detail  regarding  the  pharmacy,  pharmacy  staff, 
medical practitioners, drugs, treatments, or financial transactions. This includes claims that a product or service has 
purported benefits that have not been supported by a regulatory body, such as the FTC, FDA, etc. 
Failure  to  provide  full  and  accurate  information  as  requested,  as  determined  by  LegitScript’s  sole  discretion,  will 
result  in  denial.  Applicants  may  undertake  reasonable  remedial  action  during  the  certification  process  without 
penalty. 
An  applicant’s  business  practices  may  not  pose  a  reputational  risk  to  LegitScript  or  the  LegitScript  Healthcare 
Certification program. 
9.Advertising 
Applicants and certified clients must advertise in a manner that is transparent and in accordance with all applicable 
laws and regulations. Applicants must ensure that all advertisements are accurate, transparent, and not misleading to 
the public in any way. 
Applicants  advertising  on  internet  platforms  in  apparent  violation  of  the  platforms'  terms  of  service  may  be 
considered to be attempting to circumvent the goals of the LegitScript certification program. If LegitScript discovers 
such advertising, it may be grounds for certification denial or revocation.
legitscript.com
Copyright © 2025, LegitScript 
CHM-CE236-CR-01